Bibliography
============

A great start into this subject would be Michael Cross’ book [#f1]_ on
application security. The book explains what a hacker is, the history of
hackers, and the book explains the reason behind the hacker's motivation to
hack. The book also dives into different types of attacks hackers can utilize
and how to recognize vulnerabilities, while securing your code as well. I can
use this to help understand what hackers are and the basics of protecting from
vulnerabilities. It has a wide variety of topics that can be useful to refer to
when needed.

Another good source for this subject is Google’s lesson [#f2]_ on browser
security. The article focuses on three main points: the severity of
vulnerabilities, the window of vulnerability, and the frequency of exposure.
Knowing a big tech giant's techniques and methods on security on their own
browser gives a lot of good insight that others couldn’t replicate. It also is
good to see how vulnerabilities not only affect websites but also the browser
the websites are brought up in.


Netsparker Security Team had an informative page [#f3]_ on web application
security. It explains what vulnerability scanners are and how to use them.
It uses easy to understand language and is great for beginners in the subject.
It also talks about firewalls and their purpose in security which my other
sources excluded from talking about. This source will be important in helping
explain web application security concepts and firewalls.

NDC held a conference [#f4]_, with Christian Wenz as the speaker, that presents
the top ten web application security risks. The presentation goes through each
security risk, explaining how it works and ways to protect against it. This
source will be helpful because of the list of security risks it presents and
their explanations. It’s important to know the top security risks out there.

This article [#f5]_ on semantic web security goes into a deeper understanding
on the subject compared to the other sources. It works to push the idea of a
semantic infrastructure. The article works through multiple different scenarios
in its examples and the infrastructures’ capabilities. Finally, it explains the
semantic concept of a firewall. This source will be helpful in its high level
understanding of the concept of web security and its insights on how web
security infrastructures should be created.

I’ll be interviewing my Uncle [#f6]_ who works in a related field as the paper
subject. He has helped companies fix security issues in their systems in the
past. Getting to interview someone in person who has worked with web security
will help greatly with adding a deeper understanding of web application security
into the paper.

.. [#f1] Cross, M. (2007). "`Developer's guide to web application security
    <https://simpsoncollege.on.worldcat.org/oclc/85861133>`_". Syngress Pub.
    Retrieved February 8, 2021

.. [#f2] Reis, C., Barth, A., & Pizano, C. (2009). "`Browser Security: Lessons
    from Google Chrome: Google Chrome developers focused on three key problems
    to shield the browser from attacks
    <https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/1551644.1556050>`_". Queue, 7(5), 3-8.
    Retrieved February 8, 2021

.. [#f3] Netsparker Security Team (2019, May 29). "`Getting started with web
    application security. <https://www.netsparker.com/blog/web-security/getting-started-web-application-security/>`_"
    Retrieved February 8, 2021

.. [#f4] NDC Conferences, Christian Wenz (2017, July 10). "`Web Application
    Security Risks: A Look at OWASP Top Ten 2017 - Christian Wenz
    <https://youtu.be/avFR_Af0KGk>`_". Retrieved February 8, 2021

.. [#f5] Ashri, R., Payne, T., Marvin, D., Surridge, M., & Taylor, S. (2004).
    "`Towards a semantic web security infrastructure
    <https://www.aaai.org/Papers/Symposia/Spring/2004/SS-04-06/SS04-06-012.pdf>`_."
    Retrieved February 8, 2021

.. [#f6] Uncle M. (2021) Personal Interview






